I'm so excited we're about to embark on an adventure of a lifetime.
We're about to integrate Google Cloud now for a lot of you.
This can be scary.
And for some of you, this may be completely rudimentary.
You've done this before, but for a lot of you, this may be something that gets you excited.
It makes me excited.
So Google Cloud is one of those things where we're trying to extend our functionality by taking in data
that Google is giving us.
Google is giving us all of these endpoints, these resources that we can just ping and we can use them
to make our apps smarter.
Now, if you've never created a Google clone account for basically here on the screen, new customers
get three hundred dollars in free credits spend on Google Cloud.
So each and every one of you will get three hundred dollars in credits when you start an account, but
you still need to supply payment information.
Now, on top of that, there is also a 200 dollar credit for the Google places and Google Maps usage.
So it would be hard for you to utilize all of that straight out of the gate.
But with this usage, you're basically set up properly to to try things out.
That doesn't mean that you're completely safe of like if you make a bad coding decision, you could
easily go over three hundred dollars in credits.
Now, that said, I'll tell you a story later on of how I did this.
And it's a stressful one.
But if you're on the screen, basically what you want to do is you want to hit get started for free
and when you hit, get started for free, it's basically going to ask you to sign up for the terms and
services and that will give you all of your information.
If you haven't set up payment yet, this is where you'll have to set up payment information and addresses
and so forth, and then you'll start your free trial.
You'll get three hundred dollars in free credits.
You'll get no auto charge.
After the free trial ends, we ask you for your credit card to make sure you are not a robot.
You won't be charged unless you manually upgrade to a paid account.
It's important to note here that what they mean by this is that you, although you won't be charged,
basically none of the services will work without having a billing account or credit card information
available.
That's why it's extremely important that you do link this to your account.
If you do not have that payment information, none of the services of Google Cloud will work beyond
your trial period.
And so you need to make sure that you have valid billing information.